What's the first lyric of that spring that's ever waiting for us here?
It ran one step ahead.
We followed the dance.
Give it up for Carmen Town.
We're just now in session, everybody!
Let's bring out our Game Master.
Although we don't play games anymore,
but still he's our Game Master.
Spencer Crittenden.
The Well-Shorn.
You got a side pony going on right now.
Oh yeah, I need it.
I live.
You know what else we need, Spencer?
Why?
We need a mayor.
Let's bring out Dan Harmon, everybody.
Yo, I got a microphone back on the stage.
It's all the way back.
A deeper mic for a deeper show.
I fucked your mama in her big toe.
Whoa, yeah.
Inside her big toe?
Yeah.
Yeah, well, let me explain.
I'm an orthopedic surgeon.
Your mama was a virgin.
She wanted to stay that way,
so I said come out to my house the next day,
that I have off of work,
and I'll do a little experiment that I've been wanting to do.
I need you to sign this waiver, girl.
I'm gonna be the most famous orthopedist in the world.
I'm gonna fuck your toe,
and you're gonna get to stay a virgin,
and I'm gonna be a famous surgeon.
We're gonna be on the cover of people.
Wait, you didn't want to sign her toe?
No, I've got a very small wiener.
You're a...
You're a wiener.
Yeah, yeah.
When I was born, the doctor said,
whoa, I think that's a girl.
My mom said he's gonna fuck a toe.
This is the sexiest fucking rapper we've ever done.
I'm a weird surgeon with a tiny penis
that invites women to his house
and puts a hole in their toe,
and then fucks it.
Wait, wait.
You put a hole inside the toe?
I put a hole inside the toe.
We've been over this.
That sounds more invasive than I imagined.
I had them sign a waiver,
and the whole point was the person wanted to fuck
but didn't want to be a non-virgin.
They wanted to retain their virginity,
and so I had a plan that might have some affinity
for people of the kind of persuasion
that doesn't want to lose the hymen
and the props with the God above.
I don't know, at least she was Catholic, is what I'm saying.
She wanted to maintain her maiden head.
Can I ask you the procedure
where you make the hole in the toe?
It's called the topoziatomy.
And it's smooth and sexy.
Welcome to Hymen Town, everybody.
We did it again.
Well, if that wasn't worth coming out
on a holiday weekend.
Tonight's show is brought to you by Steve Levy,
who forgot to cancel the show.
I was told there was no show tonight.
You were told that by me.
Right. I was told that by common sense.
It's a national holiday.
Men and women have fallen for our freedoms.
And yet we have almost a full house right now.
I know. Well, I guess it turns out to be a good night to do a show.
That's the upshot.
I mean, yeah, since we're all here, we'll make it worth it.
But, you know, I think the fact that we are here is a crime.
And treasonous, really.
These aren't times to be fucking around
with the definition of what it means to be a proper American.
You know, that's a razor thin high wire
that we have to walk every day with a lot of nuance.
What kind of American do you think you are?
I don't mean to be glib, but, like, what...
define your Americanism?
Like, what kind of patriot are you?
Uh...
Can you give me, like, some categories that exist already?
I don't know. Are you a, like, cynical patriot?
Are you... Yeah.
Well, that was easy. Yeah.
I mean, it's like, you know, you don't have to...
you don't have to try to think of things for me to talk about.
I guess the point is that the...
like, being a patriot right now is complicated.
Oh, yeah. No, it's like I was saying.
You know, it's incredibly nuanced, incredibly subtle, paradoxical.
I mean, it's just...
you need a surgeon's touch to...
I didn't want you to connect that, Todd, but...
I didn't say anything. I didn't.
Yeah.
You're gonna make a hole in a person's toe and fuck it.
Yeah, anyways. So, yeah.
Well, you know, yeah, I was obviously being sarcastic.
You can literally be a semi-literate fucking...
fucking crazy.
He's a... We have a madman on the throne.
Did you see he had that? He had those speech notes.
Hey, guys.
What's up?
He had those speech notes that someone took a picture of,
and he wrote a chomlishment.
A chomlishment?
Like, instead of accomplishments like ACH and then no P,
like a chomlishment.
I mean, there's a lot of words to misspell,
but I feel like accomplishment's not high up on the list.
If this were an ideal world, he would be allowed to be dyslexic.
That's not dyslexia.
Sorry, sorry, continue.
I think it is dyslexia.
He doesn't know how to read or write,
because when he looks at letters and words and things,
they're jumbled, and so unlike a lot of our friends
who had that learning disability diagnosed for them
in their third grade and put the extra effort in
to re-unjumble the shit as it comes to their brain,
he just was dishonest about it.
He just was like, oh, I'm not going to go to school,
and then here you do my homework.
Whatever the fuck he did, I don't know.
We've got a lot of people in the world
in a lot of states of literacy.
Literacy is a spectrum.
It is.
There's a ton of people who are illiterate in America.
What I'm saying is...
It's a crazy figure.
I can't say he's illiterate because he has read a teleprompter before,
but we do know that I would be comfortable diagnosing him as dyslexic.
I believe the frustration that he experiences
when he tries to read a prompter
and when he tries to say things and stay on book and stuff,
and he's obviously gotten a lot more dopamine spikes
from going off book,
and that's why even though he's kind of dumb,
he has that ilan.
He feels like he's flying as long as he's not reading.
So even though he's saying the dumbest shit,
he's like, this is so much better than reading!
Yeah, but he...
I guess that's like me with math.
If I was just like, 8 plus 8 is 99!
I'd be excited too because I'm like, don't make me think about it.
I almost don't know it's 16.
I'm going to get yelled at.
Anyways, what I was going to say is in an ideal society,
it would be great.
We've had presidents that are holding themselves up at the podium
because they've got polio legs.
In the midst of, we need the strongest person in the world right now.
We need to be so strong.
It's like, my polio legs, they hurt so much and I can't...
But then the photographers are like,
don't take pictures of those polio legs.
What do you do?
An American needs strength right now.
And you know...
And we had presidents who were like,
their wives are really running the country
because they're having insulin attacks or something in a caboose.
I think that's the same guy, I can't remember.
In a caboose?
Yeah, wasn't there like a train going around
and there was like a president's wife who was like,
he says he's proud and you guys are doing great
and you need more canals.
And he was like...
Whose wife is this?
One of the Eisenhower's.
I think there's only one Eisenhower.
It was like the third Roosevelt before the second Bush.
Yeah, but there were four Eisenhower's.
Four Roosevelt's, yeah.
Anyways, it's sad that the culture of dishonesty, Jeff,
is what I'm saying.
Thank you.
Like why does the truth have to be a bad thing?
When we now know how much obvious lying can be tolerated,
it's so close to saying it's okay to be honest
when you're just like, I'm not dumb
and you have a dumb hat on, you know?
You're one lie away from us, no need for the hat
and you can just say you are dumb
and then we can open a book with you
and you can look at it and you can go like,
I still don't like this book, it makes me feel dumb.
That's because you are dumb and keep working at it.
I can't work, I'm president.
Well, yeah, we know and we elected you because you're dumb.
There's a lot of dumb people in the world.
We love dumb people, but let's try to get smarter.
You know, it could all be honest.
But no, it's all just lying.
Everything's lying now.
Oh, yeah, I can't believe that person said that.
Oh, did you hear what they said?
And it doesn't matter if it's true or not,
it's just like whether they said it.
It opens the door for vampirism.
People that lie, they've figured it out.
They can say the things that you're supposed to say,
whether anyone believes them or not,
that's a terrible world to create
for your shitty little children.
Are you ever going to have a child, Zink?
No, well, I don't know.
Well, I can't declare that.
I don't know if I do.
Walk me through that.
When a man loves a woman.
Children are made by two people.
They take a Spencer.
Yeah.
So I can't be the arbiter of like,
oh, no, I'm definitely not that one.
Would you like to be a father of a boy or a girl?
I'm getting up there in age and I don't...
I still, no.
Cody and I are up in the air
and we're staying there about it.
And I just...
It's getting to be a harder sell every day.
Do you think that's something that you could enjoy?
I don't know.
I think I kind of feel like if you got to ask yourself
that about something, you know,
then maybe you take a pass.
You're going to be 46 soon.
When's the last time you ordered in a restaurant
and we're like, do you think that's something you could enjoy?
You know, like you don't order that stuff.
Yeah, now like, who are you?
Charlie Chaplin?
You don't want to be a 46-year-old dad now, do you?
Sure.
Also, whatever factors are in...
If I don't know for sure that I want to be or not,
then why do it until I'm for sure...
If you had to pick, would you want a boy or a girl?
I don't...
I just would want it to be, you know,
able to take care of itself.
What a great dad.
Which is the gender that feeds itself
as soon as it comes out of the womb?
Like a deer that just like spends some time being adorable
and then just like runs off and starts eating leaves?
Is that a boy or a girl?
That's a girl.
Boys are fucking nonsense.
It doesn't matter.
I mean, you know, there's no...
Let's face it, both genders are fucking garbage.
Can we at least rise to that level of awareness?
They're equidishly bullshit.
I will absolutely cop to it.
There's a million things that only guys do that are fucking awful.
I listened to true crime podcasts.
There's not even a debate about that.
It's not a philosophy.
It's not like, ooh, we're socialized to believe that.
It's like crazy, like men are monsters,
physically violent monsters.
However, when it comes to who's garbage,
like all humans, 85% of all humans,
no matter what category, just dummies.
But if you had to pick, you would pick what?
I don't know. Honestly, I don't know.
I can't figure out which would be worse.
Would you rather be a father of a boy or a father?
I understand the question.
I'm saying, who do you think is better, male or female?
What do you think is easier for you?
Honestly, I don't know because it's pros and cons in both.
I mean, from a crime perspective,
you're talking about, do you want to worry about someone
or do you want to worry about a million people
that that person leaves and goes and...
Spencer, would you rather sire a daughter or a son?
I don't know. I don't know.
If you go by stages...
I go by stages.
Boys suck more earlier.
That's what she says.
Girls are cooler, like zero through three and a half.
It's like, why is she so cool?
Her brother was a bag of dicks.
Boys start to get a little more whiny and throwin' shit around
more earlier, but then everything starts to rolly coaster.
Go on.
I'm saying there's sign waves of ugly adjustment periods
and stuff from what I've seen.
There's no science to it.
I would accept if somebody had a report that said,
like, I'm speculating from my anecdotal observation.
I think little girls, baby girls, are initially,
like, if you spend two years watching them from birth
and then parallel to them, you're watching a little boy.
From my experience, it seems to me,
and I paste this largely on watching videos
that I get texted by ants,
but, like, it just seems to me,
like, the girl makes you want to go,
like, I hope we have a girl.
What is that reaction?
No one knows what that reaction is.
It's just all it is is mugging.
There's nothing to that.
No one knows what you're doing other than not liking me
or what I'm saying.
You said you get a video from ants.
Yeah.
Okay, okay.
Has anyone gotten a video from an ant in their lifetime?
Okay, yeah, we see some hands there.
We're going to be okay.
All right.
Did you think I meant the insect?
I just thought it was funny.
You're scared because you've always said
you're scared that ants are getting smarter.
The insect.
And I keep saying, Jeff, it's summertime.
They get more active in the summer
because they're, like, heat-based insects.
They like water.
But every year, you forget the previous summer
and you're like, they're taking over.
I'm like, no, it's just you left a sandwich out.
That's it.
Okay, all right.
I just never receive videos from the ants.
I don't get ant videos.
Does your mom have a sister?
Does she?
She used to.
Damn.
Okay, well, she doesn't anymore.
Someone's walking out because of that.
Just walk that guy.
He didn't like it.
Does your dad have a sister?
He used to, too.
Did they have phones?
Uh-huh.
Yes.
Oh, yeah.
Did the phones have video cameras in them?
No.
See?
That's why you're confused.
But why ants?
Why?
Because moms and dads aren't the only things
that come out of grandma's.
Why ants?
Because if I got a video from my mom of a two-year-old boy,
she'd be a kidnapper.
Oh, God, damn it.
Happy Memorial Day.
We have, as every year, because we're proud to do the show,
on Memorial Day, we have some of our war trivia.
I read an article that said that the first Memorial Day
was like freed black slaves that were memorializing the fallen,
and then everyone was like, nah, we're starting Memorial Day,
and kind of just crushed that out of history for a while.
Yeah, I've got that right here.
Shit.
I stole your thunder.
There was a big battle over it, and there's a cemetery
where you can go see all the Memorial Day soldiers
because it was a big war over who started Memorial Day.
It was like a Second Civil War.
I got it right here.
Nantucket, 1897.
So this is well into the reconstruction,
and like Spencer said, black soldiers, or they weren't soldiers.
They became soldiers because they were trying to celebrate
a new thing they called Memorial Day.
Thank you.
Yeah, yeah.
And then a white, the cavalry, it was a cavalry unit,
came by and said, stop that, and they got in a big fight.
And it's in Nantucket.
You can go see the cemetery where all their bodies are buried.
They all killed each other.
It's the only war that ever happened where everybody on both sides died,
and that's how the war ended.
Usually there's a winner.
They couldn't call it a reservoir of dogs ending back then
because they didn't have that movie yet,
but they didn't have any names for it
because the only people there, they all died.
They got in a big fight, and they all drew up at the same time.
About whether or not there should be a Memorial Day.
About who started Memorial Day.
Okay.
Yeah, and they all died.
And eventually someone had to come by and bury them all,
and they gave them special graves.
It's just outside Nantucket.
You can go see it.
Just outside Nantucket.
Yeah.
Which means in the Atlantic Ocean.
Well, I mean a lot of people believe that Nantucket is the mythical Atlantis.
That they brought math to Phoenix and agriculture.
That's what the Peruvians are referring to as Quetzalcoatl.
It's just hillbillies that came by in a boat.
Why do you think the Peruvians were so involved in Quetzalcoatl,
like Mexican mythology?
I don't know.
They saw the Mayans doing it, and they're like...
I'll take a piece of that, actually.
Yeah.
Let me get in on some of this ancient civilization business.
I want to be an equatorial lost people.
What do we got to do?
We got to build a pyramid?
Fine.
What do you think is...
What's your favorite fun fact about Peru?
I like that its capital is not what you think.
If I may ask, what do you think the capital of Peru is?
Well, a lot of people think it's Colombia.
They think the capital of Peru is another country.
Yeah.
But they'd be wrong.
But it's not.
Who thinks that?
A lot of people.
Just terrible people.
Like bad.
If you went right now...
If I went to Peru right now?
You and I were on a road trip.
We're in Peru.
What road did we take?
What's your first stop?
What's our first stop in Peru?
I would like to go see the famous canyons.
Right.
They're not called famous canyons because they're bullshit.
Yeah, exactly.
I kind of...
When I'm a tourist, I don't try to think lateral.
I'm not like, take me to the real Peru.
That is the real Peru.
It's waiting there.
It's waiting there for you.
There's a reason why people go to take pictures of the Peruvian canyons.
The famous Peruvian canyons.
That's the first place I'd go.
That's your first stop.
That's where the George Washington of Peru...
Let's go off the beaten track.
What's your hipster?
We're going to go somewhere groovy.
Look, I just told you.
I don't do that.
But let's say you're going to be...
There's a big hipster scene in Peru right now called Neo-Peruvian fusion, whatever.
I don't need that shit.
I could get that shit on the sunset strip, man.
I'm not going to fucking downtown Peru.
I'm going to the canyons.
I'm going to the canyons, baby.
Where it all started.
That's why they're called canyons because it starts low.
Yeah.
All right.
We're going to do horoscopes now.
We're going to do more segments in the show.
That's cool.
Oh, did I finish with my Memorial Day trivia?
No.
It was just supposed to be war trivia.
And then you guys started biting your head off.
It just started sharing some stuff and then I just handed it and then we saw how that went.
What horoscope?
War trivia.
War trivia is the first thing I said.
I mean, we can skip that.
I got a bunch of war trivia.
Do you want music for this?
Sure.
Let me...
All right.
Okay, so 1943.
Right.
The bloodiest battle of World War II.
Where was that staged?
It was an island in the South Pacific called Guadalcanal.
Your dad died there.
Grandpa.
My dad died there.
But he wished...
Killed a lot of people, probably.
Never talked about it.
The silent generation, they called him.
Didn't say much.
I mean, he talked a lot, but not about the war.
All right.
What did he talk about when he wasn't talking about the war?
What was his topic of choice?
He liked to build stuff like decks.
He was a welder.
He kind of would make fun of my great-grandma.
Butcher?
Yeah.
But, you know, I wasn't around to...
But didn't grandma Butcher kill a...
She stabbed a person.
Yeah, but these people are all dead now,
so I feel like we can't even...
I'm so sick of sharing my family goodies,
and then when I talk to my mom about it,
I'm like, I always...
She's like, where'd you hear that?
And I'm like, I don't want to be a part of this disintegration
of all of the truth of my family, you know?
There's so many little details.
I don't know if this is happening to you guys.
You talk to your...
Maybe you're younger, but it's just like...
I don't know if this is a...
It's like the inversion of the terrible twos.
Your parents just start learning the word no.
Like, as they become adult children,
they're just like,
and then remember that one thing we always joke about?
No, we don't.
It's just like, yeah, I'm gonna take as much as I give now.
I'm 70.
Like, it's just...
They just start to get a little snotty at the end there.
They're just like, maybe not.
I don't know.
Maybe you weren't a good kid.
You know, they're just sort of like hacking everything now.
It's this Trump that's made the baby boomers all fucking nutty.
They're just like, what's truth?
I don't know.
Fake news.
And so I don't even want to bring the precious stuff over.
I want to keep that lore.
Because now everything's up for debate.
I asked my mom for...
You got any of the home movies?
She's like, what?
Home movies?
Like, looked at me like I had just a fucking piece of shit.
Your mom?
Yeah.
Like, I was talking in Martian or something.
I'm like, yeah, the home movies.
Like, I don't know.
Don't you have like that CD, the DVD with like all the shit you compiled that's like
on all the old Super 8 stuff?
It's like, I don't know what you're talking about.
And then she looked at Cody and she's like, we were a poor family.
We couldn't really afford cameras and things when we were a thing.
And I was like, mom, what?
I don't know.
Your dad's business was recording stuff.
Yeah.
And here's the thing.
Right now, one way or another, my mom's going to hear this.
And then it's more fucking butter in the churn.
It's just more fucking shit.
Like, the next thing I'll hear if I hear anything is, I didn't say that.
We didn't have that conversation where I said we never had cameras.
I don't care.
I love her.
Mom, I love you.
I'm like, I promise I won't talk about my family anymore.
Jesus Christ.
I just want it to be like a fucking crater.
But there is video evidence of the things you're talking about.
Yeah.
I mean, yeah.
Like, it's fucking insane.
Like, the shit.
And then the shit she remembers, she went through a 20 cat list of all the cats we've killed.
It was like, she was like, she got lost in that shit.
Let's talk about that.
It was like the fucking, like, I was like gripping Cody's hand.
I was like, this is some fucking podcast shit.
Like, I mean, like talking to like, what's his name?
Israel Keys tapes and shit.
Like, she was just going through the, like she just got lost.
Like it was like, she was talking about the, you know, the cats that they do have.
And then there was like the cats that we did have.
And then the cat, and then like, you know, and then she's mentioning like, well, then
that cat got sick.
And then, you know, it's hard with cat.
And then she was just like, kind of backtracking through this big long list.
And then a lot of them had like questionable kills in there.
Like, it was sort of like, oh, and then Mr. Peanut, you know, he kept going.
He kept going near the pool and you can't have a cat go near the pool.
So, you know, it was like, holy shit, she's Dexter.
She's cat Dexter.
Like, she's just making up reasons now.
I didn't even know this until like, she's just like, oh, and he was, he, he didn't
like how loud the fridge was.
So arsenic in old place.
Like just fucking, God damn this bitch kills cats.
And remembers every goddamn one, but she thinks cameras don't exist.
Like, I'm tired of it.
And don't even be telling me about no dementia or Alzheimer's.
It ain't that.
It's not that.
It's like, it's this, it's this, it's this Facebook, like Trump, like fake news thing.
It's like this fucking Fox news.
Like, and my mom's not a conservative.
Not that that matters.
But I'm just saying like, it's this fucking world that's been created around them.
We took, we took a generation that was like, so fucking orgasmically proud of itself.
Like just, oh, this is like, they're like, like, like, it's watching a dude bounce around
on the moon.
And like, he's just going like, I'm on the moon.
You did it.
Teenagers thinks here's Elvis and the Beatles as a reward for putting me on a moon.
And they were just like, ah, ah, ah, and like, we should have as many babies as our
parents did, even though the reason they did is because they fought Hitler.
Let's do it.
We earned it.
We put a guy on the moon and then they're like, peace love and all that forest gum
shit.
And then like, like, they're just like, it was just a dangerous animal to put in a digital
box.
That was just a fucked up thing to do.
Like they weren't ready for the, they weren't ready for the fucking lawnmower man threshold.
They weren't ready to become cyber Christ.
Like, like, like, I should have known from the look in my mom's eye the minute she got
a hold of a Tetris paddle.
Like I should have recognized the look, but I didn't know I was like addicted to video
games and stuff too.
It was just like, oh, they're not ready.
They're not ready for the dopamine.
They're like, oh my God, Jesus, there's a farm on my, on the same screen where I can
check it with my grandkids.
They're just, they've lost their fucking mind.
And then the, and then 9-11 happened and they're like, that eagle's crying in the email.
The eagle's crying in the email.
They freaked the fuck out.
All of us are getting all these emails and all the emails, the coat hanger band and he's
coming for you.
Where's building seven?
The eagle's crying.
It became like a meme.
They're like, dad, stop forwarding.
You know, it's like, oh, here's a Polish joke and here's a fucking crying eagle and here's
a warning about you, pantyhose are giving you cancer and I was like, they're just kidding.
And then, and then, and then, and then the key, you know, some, some fucking clever little
AI figured out, it only took them 25 years ago, like, gee, I guess you could win an election
this way.
I mean, these people technically are allowed to vote.
Fuck it.
Hey, did you hear, there's a black guy under your car, Minnesota, vote for Trump.
And they're just like, click, click, click, click, clickity-clack, clickity-clack, they're
fucking idiots.
They weren't ready for it.
They just weren't ready.
My mom, my mom's a similar story.
Like even when I was like early 20s, like there's stuff where it's like very clear, vivid memories
of stuff that happened and stuff that was validated by their stories later on.
Like remember when we did this thing and then it's just like, they just have no recollection
of it.
It's like, okay.
Well, I think it kind of mad too.
And I think there's a little bit of edge to it with me where it's like, oh, Dan, the,
the, the black sheep, you know, the guy with the motor mouth, Mr. Podcast, Mr. fucking
TMZ, Mr. you know, and my mom's super into like health stuff and always has been like
caring about health and alternative health.
And so she's on Facebook now and she's like, you know, these people are drinking down watered
down bleach.
It's curing their cancer.
And I'm like, I don't, I don't think that's happening.
I think you got a, yeah, it's scary stuff.
You got to water down your bleach, by the way, you do, especially if you're going to drink
it.
You can't drink it.
You can't drink it straight bleach.
You got to, you got to, you got to water it down.
I mean, the, truly, like, they got on, they got on that Facebook arc and they were just
like, oh, this is wonderful.
I like the cushions.
There's a slot machine.
How many fucking Muslims are there?
They were just like, what is with this?
What is happening?
There's a SWAT with the Congress and the, what is happening?
They were like freaking out.
And then it was like easy to grab them.
And I, I'm 46 and I was, I wasn't ready.
Like, these fucking, fucking potato people.
How many Muslims are there?
Do you think?
Like, I don't know.
Too many for anybody.
Like, right?
Oh my God.
He said those, that combination of words and then they, it's just the worst.
Like, like, don't, don't fuck up my already bad mood.
Get a bunch of fucking raisinets, raisinets, that's the worst thing you could call somebody.
I mean, thanks for coming out and everything.
I hope you have a safe drive home, but please don't be so stupid that I have to get angry
at you.
And by stupid, I mean, don't have a visceral, autonomic unconscious reactions to things
that sound racist.
Be sophisticated, suck up the toxicity and just process it and just let it go through
all your veins and take it home with you and like wipe it on your significant other.
Seize it in the shower, in a, in a, in a nice, in a steam.
That's what my generation used to do is take it in, you read something stupid on a billboard.
You can't, you can't go, you can't give it a thumbs down.
We didn't have that luxury.
We were just like, I hate it, I hate everything, I hate the sandwich, I hate, I hate Mickey
Mouse, I hate Coca-Cola, I hate corporations, I'm gonna have a baby.
Hey bud, hey bro, hey bud, hey bro, hey bud, hey, you're my bro, you're my baby, but you're
my bro.
I'm never gonna hit you and that's all I'm gonna do.
That's it, that's the Mount Everest Apparenting, hey bro, hey bud, same level, equals, right?
I'm gonna be a fucking horrible person.
That's cool, cool with me bro, I didn't hit you though, never laid a fucking finger on
you.
See, you, you should have a kid.
Yeah.
Nah, dog.
Don't, don't dog me after all that.
I don't want no kid running around my house, I don't know, sometimes, sometimes I, sometimes
I think maybe, I like, I like that they like, I like that they like, like bits, you know,
like, I like that they like songs, like you can make up a song and they'll, they'll like
the song.
Yeah.
I mean that's cool.
But they'll, they'll like, they'll be a fan of the song that you make up, like they'll,
you can like, you can go like, my name is poopy butternut silo, to eat the buttercup
and they'll just be like, they'll start, they'll memorize it, start singing it.
Like they'll, my dad's saying like, like hilarious improv songs all the time, I think that's
why I like bad improv songs.
So that, but, but that seems like a bad reason, that doesn't seem like a good reason to have
a kid, but then you start thinking, well what are you supposed to follow your bliss when
it comes to having a kid, then don't have a kid, right?
Like, like, cause that kid's gonna poop there, pants.
Oh, speaking of pooping.
So we, we went house hunting this weekend, found a really, we've, we've been very picky
and they've taken it very slowly.
This isn't, this isn't like, we need a house.
This is like, where do we want to die or whatever?
Like, like, like, what, what's too much, you know, too much bliss.
Like we're already happy.
What would make it a little ridiculous?
What would make me come home from work every day and go, fuck you.
That's the standard I'm holding it to when I go, I go to these open houses and I want,
I want so much house, I want to like, like take a couple turns and be like, where the
fuck am I?
How many fucking, how many fucking ways to get to the pool are there?
Jesus Christ.
What is this a guy?
Are you, are you, are you, are you, are you a governor to live here?
I'm gonna punch someone.
You showed me a photo of this house, are you, are you gonna be in the pool?
I'm gonna, I'm gonna, you don't strike me as a pool goer.
That pool is all about, dude, that's, that's Cody's gotta have a pool.
And I gotta have a Cody.
You gotta have a Cody that I agree with, but like, why do you have, like, you're not gonna
go in that pool.
So what do you want me to do to, how do, how does this work with your mind?
I'm saying, Cody, I don't need a pool and you do need a pool.
Let's compromise.
No pool.
Are you, are you gonna have pool parties?
Are you gonna be the pool?
Yes, of course I will have pool parties.
No, you're not gonna have a fucking pool.
Why did you ask the question so that you could fight with me?
What kind of co-host are you?
I don't think that you're gonna, you're ever gonna go in the pool.
Okay.
I mean, what do you, you're like, Oscar the Grouch or something.
What do you, you're looking, you're actively looking for like, things to argue about?
I'm just saying, is there a world where Dan Harmon is a pool swimmer?
I'll get in, I'll get in a pool as, as, as little as the next guy.
I mean, I'm gonna.
I want you to go in the pool.
I'm not saying I don't want you to go in the pool.
I don't know.
I just wonder whether you're gonna go in the pool.
I'm going to have a pool.
Right.
I'm gonna own the pool.
Cody is gonna be very happy.
Be in the pool.
To be in the pool.
Okay.
And the pool is gonna be right there at my house, making Cody and I a very happy functional
couple where I like, I could sit next to it.
If I don't want to get in it, I could sit next to it and make music on my iPad.
Do you think that you might become a pool person after you have a pool?
Never know.
Not necessary in order for me to continue to enjoy the pool though.
Right.
Because I'll be like, well, I got that pool.
It's not pool based.
You having a pool?
I'm not.
Yeah, exactly.
I'm not like, I can't wait to be a pool guy.
This pool is gonna change me.
It's like this, this pool is gonna be a great thing to have.
I'm picturing you becoming very tan.
Like you're gonna be Ray Winston and sexy beast and you live in Greece and you have a,
you have a pool and that you're just, you're just really tan.
Yeah.
I'll probably just clip my toenails more.
I think that'll do.
Wait, why, why is that a pool connected thing?
Well, because I feel like the pool lifestyle involves more like bare feet and plus like
more company.
And right now, Cody's being way too tolerant of some fucking gnarly shit going on.
Like, I, it's just, I don't.
Break it down.
What do you mean by that?
Like nasty, disgusting toenails right now and I always do, I clip them and then I get
to spend like two days being proud of myself.
Like I'll walk around in the sandals or, you know, I'll get the food and the bare feet
and then I'll, from the, from the door, that's where food comes from, front door.
And I'm just like, hey, thanks, I put a little, little, like, do you ever go get your, your
nails did?
No, I'm never going to do that because I'm, but then the thing is they just shoot out
everything in my body, the hair and the nails and everything just, everything just shoots
out like, like I'm just like a fucking like pustule of like hair and oil.
Let's you and me go get our nails done together.
Okay.
Uh, so anyways, we're doing this, we're doing this, we went to this house, we like this house
and uh, me and Cody liked the house.
Did you say who did pooping?
Oh, pooping.
Uh, yes.
Uh, uh, I was like, really, we're getting so excited because we've been, we've been so
picky about that.
We've been looking at a lot of houses and it's like starting to wonder, I mean, this
is kind of crazy.
Is it possible to please us?
Like, are we ever going to like, and I guess that's okay.
I already got, I mean, there's no hurry, but at the same time you start to think like,
wait, what is, what's like, I guess maybe, maybe houses just suck.
Maybe just all houses, doesn't matter.
And then, and then finally you just walk into one where you're both are vibing it and then
we're walking around like, oh my God, oh my God, this is the best house.
This is the best house.
And it was like a, like a new house and they just built it, uh, and uh, uh, and so they
were having an open house and there were these old ladies hanging out, they were just hanging
out.
It was like a gang of old ladies.
I swear they just live in the neighborhood and they just came there, oh, it's an open
house.
Was it cactus punch?
Cactus punch, yeah.
They, they, they, they were sitting, uh, in the, in one of the, in the, in the side room
and they, one of them had a bag of groceries.
Like they, it was just like, they, they, they just, hey, it's an open house.
Let's go look at these houses and we'll just hang out.
They were just sitting and hanging out with it.
Were they looking for houses or they just, my suspicion is no.
I mean, it just, I, but I don't want to be, you know, I mean, like, I guess maybe one
of them be like, okay, I, I'm going to buy it because I can, I, I just needed to break
it in and feel like I could get, be coming home from groceries and hang out with my friends.
And I don't think, I think they were just lucky lose, you know, they were just like,
uh, they were just hanging out, so, so not, not a crime, but, uh, kind of in the way a
lot, but, uh, but a big house.
So they weren't really in the way.
And then like the lat, it was like, I'm the tail end of, I'm so excited, so excited about
this house.
It was like getting really excited.
I think we're going to actually put an offer on this place there.
You really say, yeah.
Oh my God.
Oh, oh, and there's another, oh, did you, did you see the other bathroom over here?
Oh, and they're like, went in there and it was like, oh, this is a good bathroom.
Oh, oh, like one of those ladies took a huge shit.
No.
In the open house.
What?
It's like marked for life now.
It's crazy.
I'm kind of stoked about it because it's going to be legendary.
Like, oh, I just, but, but it was, I just couldn't believe it.
Yeah.
I took the first poop in your place.
But it wasn't an open house.
I just, you go into an open house and you took a dump.
It's pretty amazing.
That's what the kids would call baller, I guess, for an old lady that's like, like gangsta
old lady.
Like she just took a dump in the open house toilet and then just sat next to it and was
like, what is that?
That's the game.
Like they just go around pooping in people's houses.
So we liked it.
This other place and, and Cody's immediately, she's like, I don't like, I don't like the
vibe of this place.
Like, what's the vibe?
You got to, it's okay for you.
I don't like, I just want to make sure you're not talking about the wallpaper because that
can change.
You know, it's like, it's hard to talk about whether you like a place or not.
And like, like, and I don't, I just don't like, I just don't like the feeling of the
place.
I don't like the feeling of it.
And like, I guess the layout and it's like, whatever.
And then the realtor guy is like, you know, and it's great.
It's a great neighborhood.
A lot of great places to eat.
I don't know what's over there is a cafe such and such.
And, and Cody goes, oh yeah, isn't that a, isn't that where Robert Blake shot his wife?
Oh yeah, I think so.
I think that, I think that might be, I think that might be it.
Yeah.
And then we continue looking at the house.
I know that place.
They changed it now.
And we go home.
We get in bed.
We're like the thing.
We're like, I'm like, sure you don't like that.
And then the email Bing and the real, the, it's our realtor say that realtor just emailed
he's saying it was Robert Blake's house.
I was like, but you were talking about you, you, if it's listed, you might want to move
into the, I don't know.
I never said I might want to move.
Well, I mean, like, like what you just talking about the, and by the way, I don't know why
I thought it was listed.
I don't know how I got that conflated, but it goes up for a sale once in a while because
nobody wants to live in the house where the murders happened.
The George Hodel house, Hodel, the Black Dahlia.
Yeah.
The guy who probably maybe killed the Black Dahlia.
Probably in that house.
He killed her.
Yeah.
In the basement.
And that it's a house on a, yeah, whatever.
But it's like, it's like.
It's a Lloyd Wright.
It looks like a stone butthole outside.
Yeah.
It's got this weird.
Kind of architectural.
I don't know.
I would never.
Yeah.
Unless my partner was like through the roof about it was like, I want to live in the house
where a famous murder happened.
I, I, I, it would be like a pool.
I mean, I'd be like, well, it's, I mean, you being happy is like very important to me.
I, I, if it's haunted, I guess we can move.
When they relisted it like a couple years ago, the police, like somebody was repraising
the house and they brought cadaver dogs and they hit on the fucking room where all the
murders happened.
So like, like somebody died there.
Yeah.
And you don't want to live in that house.
It's kind of a closed case that, that, that little nugget.
Well, cause he's dead and it never was official because it's like all the stuff.
There's no, what do you call it, corpus delectus corpus.
But you know, ASPyD, who was on the show, who, did you, did you, did you get, you guys
enjoy it?
Well, don't let me put you on the spot.
Do you guys like, you like our friend, Ryan Kraus?
You're like fuck.
Yeah.
Because we'll, we'll, we'll have him back all the time.
I, I like him as a person.
I think he's a great guy.
But he was telling me that the, that guy who's like the hero of that story is like Hodel's
son who became a cop and then, and then, and then he became convinced that his dad was
the Black Dahlia murder and he basically like spent the rest of his life in retirement,
like building the case and solving it like, like, yeah, that was my dad did it.
And then it seemed pretty legit to me.
And then you can listen to that podcast.
I can't remember what it's called.
Now God damn it.
It's like a serial podcast that's produced by some of the Hodel children.
But then ASPD was saying, yeah, but then that guy lost all his credibility when he started
saying, oh yeah.
And plus he might have been a Zodiac and I was like, really?
That was him?
And I didn't look that like, like, like, like, like, he wasn't the Zodiac.
I mean, whether he was or not, it was like, I didn't, he made it sound like maybe the
same guy that I thought was like a smart, the detective guy that retired and proved that
his dad was the Black Dahlia murderer.
Then later on was like, plus he was the Zodiac killer, which would change things in my head
about whether or not this guy actually, I mean, anyways, not interesting, Dan Harmon.
We don't care about your dumb conversations with yourself about a fucking crime within
a crime within a true crime podcast.
The rest of us are living our lives.
We're into self care.
We're not in a toxic tailspin where we play match games like Best Fiends or Candy Cookies
while we listen to podcasts about murder because we're obviously like having a real hard time
and we're not admitting it.
Like, we're doing yoga and we only listen to shows about yoga.
Are you going through a rough patch right now?
No, I don't think so.
They do.
You heard them.
That was them.
Pay attention.
What was it?
Me talking.
I'm fucking happy.
What's Best Fiends?
It's like a matchy.
It's one of those matchy games where like the matching like shoots the bad guy.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, where you like it's like you get a bunch of different colored cookie
candy things and then you like, you know, you connect them, connect the ones that are
next to each other.
Have you seen My Best Fiend about Klaus Kinski and Werner Herzog?
Yeah.
It's really good.
Is that what it's based on?
Yeah, it's based on that.
Yeah.
You're killing, you're attacking Werner Herzog.
It was advertised in this true crime podcast called the, I never remember the names.
They're also bad at naming their podcasts.
I think it's called the serial killer podcast.
It's this Norwegian guy.
His name is like Thomas Born Cyborg or something.
Hello.
Thomas Born Cyborg.
Hello, dear listeners.
It's me, Thomas Born Cyborg, Born, here, your Norwegian host, here to talk about the insidious
Jeffrey Dahmer.
And then every time he mentions like, if there's anything that happens in like Louisiana or
Atlanta or anything like that, he affects this weird accent.
Like he starts talking like a, like a, like a Southern American.
Can you do it?
I try.
I mean, it's hard to do his accent from the beginning.
So like, but it's like, the Toy Box Killer was the most prolific serial killer, depending
on who you believe, Texas authorities say that he might have killed as many as 500 people.
Like he, he just, he just starts talking like his version of Southern Americans just because
he's like, I'm going to give it a little cayenne pepper because we're talking Louisiana here.
And it was like, normally it's charming, but then there was one episode where he was,
the story was about the Atlanta Ripper, which was like this fucked up, like, I can't remember
if it was like during Reconstruction or like if it was during the Civil War or before it
was like around a time like when, unlike now, when things were not hunky-dory, like in terms
of between people talking to each other.
And there was like a serial killer who was like killing, it was, it was, it was like
Jack the Ripper, but in Atlanta and, but, and steeped in racism, like in terms of the
suspect and the, and the who was getting charged and what the cops were doing with all the
time.
And like that, that was like him, he didn't, he didn't, he's purely innocent, but it was
just amazingly, the effect of it being like a train crashes was like he, him reading quotes
from racist cops at the turn of the century, um, in this silly accent and also he sounds
like, you know, the guy from the sugar cubes and like, it's just sort of like the effect
was like, blah, and then the, and the next episode he was like, hello, dear listeners,
it's time for more creepy crawly, a serial killer podcasting, a lot of reviews from the
last episode saying, don't do that anymore, and I won't, my hat, my hat's off to people
that read, read their reviews of anything, God damn, and then, and then take it right
on the chin and make an adjustment or don't, you know, have you totally stopped doing that?
I can't.
I can't anymore.
It's hard to get the podcast reviews.
You really have to go out of your way to look for your podcast reviews.
Yeah.
You go on Reddit, right, like, oh, I go on Reddit.
So shut the fuck up.
Just back the fuck off because I'm there.
No, but I'm just, I'm talking about the iTunes reviews.
It's funny.
You know, ASPD, like one of his earliest episodes, yeah, and I'm sorry if you're listening to
this, no offense.
This is reporting facts, but, um, he early on, he's like, give me, give me reviews.
Even a one star review is fine.
That helps me understand what I'm doing and like the next time he invokes reviews, he's
like, give me a five star review and then like the next time he invokes reviews, he's
like, give me a five star review.
I know some of you won't, but please do.
So it's like a real arc he goes on.
Well, I liked it when he said something to the effect of like, give me a five star review
because cool people would do that and don't tend to give reviews and a bunch of assholes
give me one star reviews.
So the fact is, if you don't give me five star reviews, if you think I'm doing good,
like it, it, it, it, it, it, it fucks me up because everyone else is such a dick.
That's the truth.
But it might less say that defensively would right, but it might less be because people
are dicks and more because he encouraged them to do that.
Uh, right.
Well, what I look, that's why I never, ever, ever have said in my life, even before podcast
culture, like I, yeah, I, I don't want to even go near that feedback loop.
I like that idea of having to ask people to rate, subscribe and like it stuff.
I, I'm, I, I don't fault anybody who has to participate in that currency because, because
that's what it is.
It's a currency, but I'm, I'm out.
Like I've, to me, that's like a greenback dollar and I'm like a carpet bag and like,
like, I'm, that's, that's before my time.
I'm not, I'm not, I'm not.
You're really all about reconstruction in America.
Uh, the, uh, what, what is your hangup with, with post civil war America?
I just think they could have done a better job of, you know, I mean, you, you make a
bed, then you, then you lie in it.
Why, why were there, why were there bags made of carpet?
Uh, I don't know, what is a carpet bagger?
It's just, it's, isn't that like a northerner that's like coming down south to like, uh,
exploit, uh, just everybody or what is that?
Yeah.
Is that what that is?
To take over like, like by property because it's cheap because the whole, the whole autonomy
is gone.
It's like a northern elitist interloper.
Yeah.
Right.
So yeah, nailed it.
Yeah.
That's the thing is like, like, like podcasting is just like, it is the, it's like this crazy
Wild West like thing.
And like, so anybody who's like, Hey, you gotta, you gotta give me, give me scalps or give
me bottle caps or give me horse hooves.
Like I'm not, I don't judge anybody like, Hey, that's terrible, but I'm also not trading
in it.
Yeah.
Hey, do me a favor, give this podcast a one star review and then stick it up your ass
and I'm never going to look at it and I don't care.
Like that's my, that has to be my philosophy or I'd kill myself.
But it does suck cause it's like, like then you're like, well, now you just removed the
meaning from.
Right.
It's all this, it's like the Uber thing.
It's the five star reviews have no, no fucking meaning.
It's so stupid because you just want to, you want to rate things.
When you get a, you take a lift and you forget to hit the stars and you just say next.
Someone gasped.
That doesn't mean that you gave them a zero stars that meant that you just skipped that
process.
I think so.
One time I accidentally slipped and hit like two stars and I was like, Oh no, how can I
fix this?
And I called like customer support or where I emailed them.
They didn't get back to me.
It is.
It gives me anxiety too.
I put up with a lot of shit because I don't want to be the reason.
I don't want to ding someone's five, you know, intend to right.
If you accidentally just say skip it and send to lips and you don't give them any stars,
that means that you skipped that step, right?
I think it doesn't mean that you gave them zero stars.
I hope I believe that's the case.
I do it all the time.
Yeah, I don't.
I keep picturing you guys with extra years tonight.
Like Dan's been standing up.
I keep thinking like, what if Dan had four years?
Well, what about six?
Are you on mescaline?
What's going on?
No, that's what's so fucked up is like, I'm like, why is this my brain doing?
Okay, so.
Why is this my brain doing?
How many years do I have right now?
Four is I can't.
I can't picture you as six.
I think because you're straight on like your face and you're facing me.
We'll see now.
I can see sick.
That could be that could be a thing.
You don't have a trick to make glasses tighter.
Do you that?
I got to I got to go to the thing, right?
Well, where do you want them tighter on your ears area?
Yeah, like that.
I mean, they just fall off my head.
They're like there are two.
There's spreads to why I don't know what the terminal best podcast in the world.
It's good.
I think their hinges are to our hyper extended.
You got like the plastic frame.
So I think you need like a hairdryer or something.
You can't just bend it.
You can take it to a to a glass place and then they'll they'll bend them in definitely
the place that sold me the glasses.
Not a glass place.
Not like like like a glass glasses player like a like a like like like Warby Parker.
Sure.
They're kiosks at their home try on kid.
So OK, well, now tell us we don't have a guest.
So oh, I only come here for the surprise guests.
Let's let's bring a surprise guest out of the army of super special kind of a Harmon
town live podcast fan.
The person that's like I only come to this fucking thing because every once in a while
Judd Apatow comes out, I was going to say Judd Apatow and they're like they're like
they're like damn it.
That's 90 in a row.
Yeah, I'm fucking god damn it.
These fuckers I was going to say to bring somebody up.
Should we should we try to know what first I want to talk to Spencer about his surgery.
Oh yeah.
Your hip is OK or what's happening?
So I don't know.
I got surgery, it was it was OK.
Oh man, surgery talk.
Can we can we you can we get that drop of that?
Can you take this seriously for a moment?
My man got his hip cut open.
Yeah, I don't know.
It was it was it was a it was a mess.
Hope you get what I said.
I wanted to do the low one.
Have you got what what's the low low one that you want to be more male I won't know you.
Okay, all right, that's a hat and a hat.
Nope.
That's sorry.
That's a hat and a hat.
Sorry.
I had on a hat.
That's a called a hat.
A hat.
Not a hat.
Yo, I'm a hat on a hat.
Yo, what you think about that comedic spin on top of spin?
Nothing ironic here, ask him, yo, someone starts to do something weird.
Then something else is weirdness is beard.
So you got weird with a beard.
That's double weird.
And that's just confusing.
Yo, sometimes they call it a sock barrel in some different kinds of writer rooms.
It's an unnecessary connection that confuses people.
Like if your character's name is I think if your character has cancer and then he's
talking about the zodiac and then he's like I'm a cancer and then people are like is that
supposed to be a joke or what they're like.
You got to change it to cap record because otherwise that's what they call a sock barrel.
But comedically we call it spin on top of spin usually like if you're doing a hilarious
Star Wars spoof.
What are you doing?
What are you hitting?
Come on.
Just let Spencer talk about a surgery.
That's the point.
That's been on top of spin.
I'm being the asshole.
I'm interrupting his surgery talk with like being a goof guy on the thing.
And then you're like the gas pedal.
That's not a gas.
Well, that's two gas pedals done.
That could be really funny.
I don't know or or maybe maybe or maybe you're maybe if someone's already got their foot
on the gas then the pedal that you're hitting is is the break is another way of looking
at it spin on top of spin hat on a hat sock barrel sock barrel.
What do you call it when Jeff's doing that and then someone makes the lights all funky
and crazy.
That is.
What is that?
He hates it.
It's pretty funny.
It's so mad.
I'm mad.
I must have resting mad face because I am fucking bored.
All right.
I fantasizing about an iPad game.
Why is our show two hours?
I keep looking at the clock.
We have 300 hours to go.
I don't know.
I mean, you know, show us so long.
Yeah.
I mean, who else has a two hour podcast?
Anybody?
Well, what's his name?
P. Holmes has like a five hour podcast, but he's crazy.
That's fair.
Yeah.
Okay.
So your surgery.
Yeah.
So I don't know.
So yeah, I was I was gonna like my mom wanted to be involved and you need someone who you
care about.
No, that's not a prerequisite.
You need someone that you trust to get you home from the thing because you can't and
then they're supposed to watch you for 24 hours apparently, but you can't just like
call an Uber or taxi apparently because like if you die, like if you start dying in a taxi,
I guess they'll dump you out or something.
I don't know.
I don't know where the thinking is there, but so it's like a cat starts puking on the
carpet.
Yeah.
They're like, no, no, no, no, no.
You just lifted.
Yeah.
When my cat starts puking on the carpet, I try and stuff like a shirt under there so
you and she starts freaking out and run away and I'm like, no, you stay here and barf
like a good boy.
So you went under general anesthesia and you have to have somebody take you home.
Yeah.
I mean, I wasn't going to drive myself home, but lift is like a thing now.
It seems very easy to get someone and whatever.
I did have a mug you when I when I went under there was a whole rigmarole there that I didn't
expect to be so because I was like I just want to take a car and they're like well.
We have a car service that we can provide, but blah, blah, blah and all this stuff.
It started to get so insulting that I was just like, yeah, fine, because I always perceive
that as like people trying to act like I'm like they're like, you know, that's going
to cost you money and I always have the opposite reaction I should have, which is like I get
mad and want to throw money at them to prove that I'm like, you thought I was a clamp it,
but I'm a Beverly Hillbilly.
It's got to be like a liability thing, right, which is always the worst reason for things
to happen.
You did take a lift home from the.
No, no.
So I got my mom, she was going to she was going to come over and take me there.
And so I was like, okay, so be in my house at noon and then we could get over, we could
drive over and be there at one or whatever.
And then so like I was taking a nap because I was getting nervous and I was like, I don't
want to be conscious anymore.
This is thinking about stuff is a bad idea.
And so I took a nap and then I woke up and my mom like sent me a text at like 1155 saying
like, all right, I'm on my way and she lives like an hour away.
And I'm like, wait, what the fuck?
And then so I call her up.
I'm like, well, how far are you?
And she's like, I'll be there by one.
Right.
And I was like, no, we got to be there at one.
And then I start freaking out and then she's like, okay, I'm sorry.
And then I had to get a lift over there and then she met me there.
And then we were kind of late, but it ended up being fine.
And I thought like the surgery was going to start like shortly after one, but then we
had to wait for two hours for it to start.
And I was like, well, Jesus Christ.
And then I started getting like less ready.
Like I was like, it's two hours.
I'm not, I'm not, I'm not stand for this.
Like this sucks.
And I was just getting really nervous and stuff.
And then finally they, they took me in and what they did normal stuff.
They, oh yeah.
The anesthesia guy came by and he was like, are you ready?
And I was like, I guess, and he was like, you guess.
And I was like, yeah, I mean, I guess I've been waiting for like two hours and I started
to like psych myself out and he's like, well, you know, usually people are always mad at
the anesthesia guy, save an earful for your doctor.
And I'm like, I'm thinking like, what the fuck are you talking about, man?
And then, and then my mom like senses this tension or whatever.
And then she's like, are you ready?
And the guy's like, I guess, and I'm like, what the fuck?
Like this is totally unearned.
He has this chip in his shoulder because like apparently he, he feels like he takes a lot
of lip from nervous patients who are about to get cut the fuck open and killed and brought
back to life.
It's like the anesthetics, like the highest paying job in the hospital, right?
Like he could fucking take a knee for this.
Like Jesus Christ, count your money.
But it really pissed me off.
Like it put me in a terrible mood.
And and then like the doctor came by and I was like, well, this guy is doing just fine.
Like I don't want to yell at this guy.
Not that I was yelling.
Like I was really just being nervous and explaining that I was nervous and the guy took it as
an insult.
Like they, they, uh, they roll me into the operation room and then the fucking anesthetic
guy, he, I started, I see him start to just, uh, just to drip like my IV drip and stuff.
And then he puts the thing over your face and he's like, this is just oxygen.
Just breathe normal.
And then I'm like fucking out.
And like the, the whole time before I'm out, I'm like, I don't think this is just oxygen.
I think he's applied an anesthetic without telling me.
And I think I'm just going to lose consciousness or handling.
That's exactly what happened.
And it was, it sucked.
And then I came back up and I was like, wait, what the fuck?
That wasn't just oxygen.
That fucking asshole.
I don't know if he was like beat, he was like punishing me.
Like he was being a dick because like he thought I was mad.
Anyway, I, I come to and it's fine and I'm in pain and it's fine.
It's like not that bad.
It's always surprising at how like not bad.
I don't know.
Anyway, um, I was, I was pretty woozy and I threw up and then I was like, I think I'm
going to throw up again.
And they rolled me in a wheelchair over to the thing.
And I had to like, I had to like, like, you know, get myself over to the toilet, like
to throw up properly and they were like, Hey, you just project all about it from your wheelchair
all the way into that toilet.
That's impressive.
I was like, hell yeah.
And I explained to the, I explained to the nurse that I'm actually really good at throwing
up because, uh, when I used to smoke pot all the time, it would sometimes make you throw
up and I smoke pot in my car.
So I'd have to learn how to throw up while I was driving.
Oh boy.
I became really good at throwing up is, is the long and short of it.
I could throw up into my mouth and then fling it out of the car like a catapult, um, to
kind of get it to clear the side of my car, so it's not splattering all over the side
of my car.
And I was telling you, this is a, this is a, I'm not supposed to do this, but I'm just
letting you know I'm not married right panties were dropping and, uh, yeah.
So we went home and I, I wasn't feeling great and I was just shaking our whole family because
has issues with anesthetic.
So it wasn't great.
They gave me Percocet because I had bad reaction to Vicodin and the Percocet, I wasn't feeling
it at all other than it just made me feel like I was like, uh, dizzy and losing my
fucking mind.
And so I kind of weaned myself off of that and just was taking Motrin and that like,
I don't know.
I, the pain was a lot better than I expected to, and I had to be on crutches for a while
until Friday.
And then they said, I didn't have to be on crutches, but like, it kept being like I would wake
up in the middle of the night or my cat started vomiting and I would just react to the situation
and not use my crutches.
And I would be like, Oh shit, I'm walking.
This is nuts.
Um, and then I would like realize I probably shouldn't be walking and stop, but like it
didn't feel bad or anything.
So now I'm walking around.
It's great.
Um, it's the worst thing is just you have to ice yourself and then you have to like
lay in bed all this time and I was like, lose my fucking mind.
I've been going through some dark times, having like absolutely nothing to do with like the
pain I was in, just like, I like, and nobody likes me.
I want to shoot myself in the dick.
Um, speaking of my dick, um, one of the things that the doctor told me way too late in the
process is like your, your, your, your penis might be numb for a few weeks and I was like,
wait, this is not part of the deal.
I, I, I'd be like, I'll, I'll, uh, I'll see you on the ice.
Yeah.
Sure, buddy.
You try and stop me.
Yeah.
Why, why, why was your penis a casualty of that surgery?
I think just the anesthetic guy.
Okay.
No, um, he just, I guess, I guess Tony put in a request for the limp.
Was he right?
Did you, did you have a numb penis?
Yeah.
Um, I, I, I think I have a back, but it's not, I'm not, I'm not, that was very unnerving
out of everything.
Um, but the idea is they, they, they get into your hip joint, right?
So they, they put a post between your legs and then they get you up on the thing and
then they put like an, uh, like, uh, a handcuffs around your ankle and then they just like
pull your leg really, really hard for the entire duration of the surgery.
So it's mashing into your groin and then it's like the handcuffs are on your ankle.
So you have like, I had pretty sharp pains in both of those areas from the surgery because
it's just like you're being stretched as if on a rack for like two hours while they're
doing the surgery.
And so that wasn't great, but, uh, yeah, Percocet, uh, was suck like velvet on those
cuffs.
I mean, yeah, or like, they can't like move my dick out of the way.
Like what the fuck?
It seems like there's plenty of groin to go around.
Like I don't, there's ways they could design, put a hole in it or something.
I don't know.
There's ways around this stuff.
I'm sure.
They're doctors, but, uh, that's been my experience.
I'm, I'm finally every day, like after the surgery, I felt like very noticeably better
and more mobile and more capable of moving around.
Like to the point, like I was a bit shaky, um, even yesterday when I have weight on my
left leg and now it's, uh, it's, I can walk pretty, it kind of hurts to walk without looking
stupid, but if I want, I can kind of walk mostly normal, um, without, without looking
like, you know, a person with a limp or anything.
I, yeah.
So it just, it was just weird.
I just felt like they were, uh, they were very business-y about it.
And it's like, well, come on, man, I'm just, I'm freaking out over here.
Yeah.
We don't, uh, we don't, we don't, uh, heal people.
We just, uh, wait, how's that, how's that saying go?
We cut the bad stuff out.
We're not healer.
We don't have healers.
Wait, what is it?
Something, I don't know.
There's no, that's clerics.
The, the, the medical business isn't about, it's, it's like an engineering thing.
It's like science, you know, it's not a, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's,
there's, there's no healing, uh, to it, which, you know, if you, if you, it's, thank God,
there's science involved for sure.
But, uh, but, uh, but it's also like, like a sick person is obviously like, they have
two things wrong with them minimum, the thing that's wrong with them.
And then the fact that things being wrong with you is like scary.
And we, we treat it like, uh, taking your car and like, oh, we have this replacement
part.
Do you have insurance and all this stuff?
And it's like people are, and then people are getting traumatized by the experience
of being treated like a car.
Right.
You're also very cagey about telling me the price of things.
Like I had to agree and set the schedule of the surgery and then agree that if I changed
the date of the surgery, I'd pay $400 before they would tell me the price.
And that's gotta be like one of the only places that happens where you don't know like what
you're paying before you agree to have paid it already.
It was just a very weird experience.
It really set everything up to be pissed off in myself.
Do you have insurance or?
Yeah, but I don't know how any of that shit works.
That's something they should teach in schools, like how insurance is supposed to fucking
work because I just, I, you know, people are like, oh, you know, your premiums, your out
of pocket, your total, your maximum deductible.
It's like, I don't know what the fuck you're talking about.
Insurance is another thing exactly like rating systems that once it becomes institutionalized,
it loses all, it's, it just doesn't make any sense anymore.
Just play around.
If a cop can pull you over and like put you in jail for not having insurance, then it's
not insurance anymore.
Now it's part of what allows you to drive a car.
It's like a driver's license to colon first blood part three, like, like, and I understand
I'm not like, I'm not so much of a hippie that I'm like, we don't need insurance and
we shouldn't be encouraged to have it.
I got someone explained that to me that if I hit someone in a car that doesn't have insurance,
they're fucking me over, I guess.
But I don't know, man, it's like, like people talk about that, like it's like the most common
sense in the world.
I'm like, you know, we're through the looking glass.
It may be common sense through the looking glass, but isn't there a more common form
of sense where you don't have to go through the looking glass where it's like you're just
normal people?
Like, you know, there's got to be a system we can figure out.
Well, I mean, that's the thing is that they take, they take advantage of the fact there
is insurance.
So the people are like, oh, you got to go into insurance and the insurance is like, I don't
know.
Talk to the doctor.
The doctor's like, I don't know.
The medical company says the bag costs $600 and it's like all of you are lying.
If everybody is, if what everyone is paying for is like some weird bet that you might
not get sick, then why does the end result of it always still that like rich people are
more allowed to get sick than poor people?
If that's the case, what, can't we just make a system where it's called Medicare for all,
right?
Like where you just go, oh, you can't have any, like, like, it got a groundswell.
It seems like the answer, it seems like any answer to that question, like, why don't we
do it this way?
The answer is because that would be horrific immediately, which is a good, you know what
I mean?
Like even like, I think it is horrific, even conservative, like hardcore capitalist, anti-socialist
healthcare people, I believe would not, they would take one look at a system that was absolute
draconian like cat private healthcare system where like you going, your kid had a cold
and you go into a hospital and it's like a McDonald's menu, like cold $500, like, like
the, and all the permutations of that system, like the rich would also go, oh, no, no, no,
we can't have that.
Right.
Well, I mean, I think that that is something people are doing is just, can I pay out of
insurance, what's your, what's your day rate as a doctor, and then those, those prices
are actually, it depends on the thing, obviously, and I don't think really bad things, it's
good for, but I think that that's something that has worked for people, which obviously
you shouldn't go a complete capitalist enterprise, but skipping the insurance entirely and just
paying the doctor what the doctor needs to order the tools and stuff.
I think actually does help because it's not again, like three layers of middlemen all
fucking you.
It just kind of feels like the, the whole healthcare thing was invented to make the,
one of the most important things in the world as boring sounding as possible.
I think, yeah.
Where it's like, like, like, it sounds like, why do I feel like I'm 14 and it's, we're
talking about Nicaraguan freedom fighters, like, I like with Peter Jennings, like, I,
like why is my brain turning off when what we're really talking about is, if you're poor,
do you have a right to live as long as a rich person because that's, that's an exciting
conversation.
Right.
That's some Star Wars shit.
Yeah.
They want to obfuscate it.
It's, yeah.
It's like, and, but it almost seems like everyone wants to, you know, like everyone wants to
make it complicated and, and, but like, yeah, anyways, okay.
So that's that part of the show.
Game of Thrones.
I binged it.
I'm all caught up.
He's all caught up.
Uh, that was really funny when they, when he goes, uh, hey, brand the broken, it's got
a best story and then they bothered to cut to Arya Stark and she's like, like, it's crazy
to include that shot when you're the one that wrote that line of dialogue and shot it.
Like, it's like, like, and then you're in the end of pain, like cut to Arya.
That's great.
I love that look.
She's, she's, she's playing the curb your enthusiasm theme in her head.
Yeah.
No, I love that look.
I love that look.
She, she's saying, I have the best story ever.
I saved the universe, I literally started as a little girl that wasn't allowed to play
with arrows, saw my dad's head get cut off and ended up killing the devil for the crippled
brother that you just said has the best story.
He looks like John Oliver lost his glasses, uh, and had worse breeding and was, was, was
hard.
That's tough.
Wow.
Yeah.
Yeah, why, who picked that fucking kid?
That was really punching out.
It's not that kid's fault that he got cat.
That's like, when you cast kids and then you watch them go through puberty on camera, like,
what am I doing?
I was like, why was it that group of people that got to decide who the nice king is?
Cause they're lords.
Here are some people that have a better story than brand.
No offense to brand, uh, Hodor has a more interesting story.
He's just not there either of the dragon, but let's go, let's go, let's go alphabetical
order.
Yeah.
I would say most of the white walkers, just even the skeleton, CG skeletons, they've
gone through a lot of shit.
But that skeleton horse, you know, that motherfucker is like, he's like, it's a living, it's a
living.
How about, how about, uh, uh, uh, John Snow's hairline that that that there's some interesting
stories there.
What the fuck?
That dude needs bangs.
That's a weird take, what I thought his hair was, I don't know why everybody, what I am
so distracted by that random hairline.
What do you mean?
He's got like a little, he's got like a little half committed count, chocolate, a fucking
widow's peak that comes.
It's just like a little seismic burp, like in the middle of his hairline, it's like
off center, like it's not, it doesn't even, it's like, uh, are you, are you, are you Eddie
Munster or, uh, because that he has symmetry, right?
And purpose, like, like, I'm not, and again, it's like, it's genetics.
I mean, we're talking about just the natural thing going on that there, I'm saying, don't
tie your hair back.
You got to, you got to, you got a weird thing in your hairline.
Give that guy some bangs.
He'd look cute with bangs, like, I think they show him at the end and he's like, all right,
time to go, uh, work at the, what was up with him walking off into the woods with a bunch
of children and is that a spinoff?
That's a spinoff.
It's like a job now.
It's like, uh, you should go work on the wall.
You should go work on the night's watch now and he's like, there's a night's watch.
And then, uh, and then there wasn't a night's watch and there, there, there wasn't one.
It's like, there's no wall.
So what the fuck is going on?
But his red haired friend who, uh, yeah, who said, no, I'm going to go, uh, that's a pirate's
life for me and then he's like working at the DMV and fucking like, Hey, I want to talk
about pussy.
Oh, great.
That guy, his whole arc is, his whole arc is, I can't get laid.
He's like, he's just kept talking about how he used to get a lot of pussy and now he can't
fucking, yeah.
I, I, yeah, he talked too much about it.
I'm glad that lesson got learned.
I'm glad, I'm glad he wasn't like the guy that got laid the only thing that was good
about it.
Uh, the game of thrones was that berries on after it because that shows fucking a good
I still haven't watched berry.
Huh?
I haven't watched berry.
Oh, get up on that one, man.
It's fucking great.
I still got Atlanta.
I got to get through all through Atlanta.
I mean, alphabetical order.
I got nine seasons of Atlanta now and then you got to go to berry and then, uh, cab,
cab, cash, cab, cash, cab, cash, cab, cash, cab, fucking berry.
That's really good.
There's an episode where it's just a fight, or is he fights, have you guys seen it where
he, Lily and what's it, uh, god damn it.
That is a fucking good, I don't know how they write a show like that.
It's really, really funny.
All right.
Well, don't make me mad at it before I watch it.
You can also be a good writer too.
I know, but you're starting to make me, you know, just don't push this button.
I'm saying this show breaks boundaries and pushes borders and you're a bad writer.
Okay.
I don't like how he kills people.
I was watching an episode and he like killed someone.
I'm like, I don't like this.
Yeah, it's fucking weird.
I don't like that he's learning to act.
Yeah, it's just, yeah, it's like, why am I supposed to root for his acting career?
He kills people.
That's not cool, but, but then he goes into the acting class and he's good because he
just killed somebody, but that's, but he shouldn't do that.
All right, let's play D&D.
Yeah, where would we even start Spencer saying that we did that like how, how would that
go now?
I mean, we could, we could talk about it.
I've always been of the opinion that a big part of the problem is you guys don't remember
stuff and part of the reason you don't remember stuff is because we only play for like five
minutes and we only play like once every three or four months.
And I think it's hard to remember five minutes, three months ago, but, but I, I miss a structural
problem.
I miss, I miss playing it.
So I want to play again.
Yeah.
No, I miss it too.
But I just think that I, you know, to the extent that we want to actually get to a place where
you guys feel confident and comfortable playing it, I think that that's truly a big hurdle
to, to leap or such.
Yeah, that would be a good start.
I'm willing to, I'm willing to let's do it for sure.
I have a prediction that we can play for 20 minutes every episode and still we're going
to be like, wait, what happened, where did that guy go?
I think that's fair.
And then every, every four weeks, a third of us isn't going to be here.
Do you have your gear with you?
No.
We don't need it.
You guys look at it.
I guess you do.
I mean, yeah, you, you want your, your character sheet for, you know, yeah, hypothetically,
yeah, but you'd have to do a good walkthrough and like bring us back to where we were.
Right.
Let's, you want to try?
I mean, sure.
Shall we?
Oh, good.
All right.
Bring him up, sir.
Who's got dice?
Do you have our character sheets as well?
What's your name?
Tommy P.
Thank you.
Hey, Levy.
Get down here.
Oh yeah.
We need Levy.
It's your Memorial Day show.
Steve Levy.
There he is.
Levy.
Yeah.
All right.
Now how should we start, Spencers?
You want music and you give us a little breakdown?
Yeah.
Last time on Harmon Quest, our heroes.
Harmon Quest?
Harmon Quest comes to TV, not on the, on the computer.
I saw someone like Karmic Quest season 2 I think aired on Comedy Central something like Europe or something
I don't know, but I saw a screenshot blew my mind
We're not getting money from that. I know shit. Where's my money?
The guys the people they had they had left they had left the town. What was that town fightsville or some shit?
They left fightsville because they felt like they did a bad job
And then they met a cult that did exercises and they did exercises and then they left the cult and found another cult
That was summoning a demon and then they helped them summon the demon and then the demon came out and started killing people
And they were like well this sucks
Let's leave and then the church militant came and slaughtered the demon and then then they were like well
Yeah, we're a lot worse than this than everyone else is so let's stop doing this
Let's be a farmer and then they went to go be a farmer, but they didn't actually go anywhere
I think they were deciding to do that and so we rejoin our heroes
Now or in the future depending on which they choose at a point at which they had been farming or made a decision
To start farming and we're gonna go about doing that now
You got your dice. I got my dice. All right, so
All right, I any question. I examine my surroundings. All right, you're in a you're in an empty field
You see a bunch of slaughtered cultists. Oh wait. Well, do you want to be farming or do you want to be?
Deciding to be farming and go to search out a farm to farm it
I say we're kind of half like half heartedly farming right now. All right
You found the town of Potos Donos the farming village. There's about it's not much of a farming village
There's like six farms and there's only there's only a handful of people you haven't really met them
You just kind of you rolled up on a farm
You killed a fucking ghost that was haunting the farm and then you're like well
I'm gonna I'm gonna take this farm now you started farming it feels like the earth had been salted or something
So you're making a really hard time hard time getting crops out
But this is your first harvest in the first in the first half of your farm and your other half of the farm is just ready to
Be planting. Okay. Hmm. I'm Chad the fire liker. We have diarrhea junior and
Harmon is Carlos Carlos the unimaginative
Unimaginative Carlos Johnson Carlos
And give me because it's been so long give me class and and he's a cleric
Diarrhea juniors a fighter and you're a druid. I mean, yeah, I'm a numb druid potato basket
Coming up
Guys
not very full does it does it does
Does this seem kind of diminishing like we used to be fighters and like we were on on the on the quest now
We're just we're just growing potatoes
Well for me the big relief is
You know just knowing
What I'm trying to do
You know, even if I'm yeah, okay. I'm not the best potato farmer
I didn't think I was gonna be but you know, I felt like a bigger failure
You're handling people's lives than these potatoes here. We were bad at the other thing too, like
Come on, let's talk. Well, we prepare dinner. Come on. Guess what guess what's for dinner potatoes?
I'll wash you peel. Okay
This way. We're not we're really we're not hurting anybody but ourselves with these potatoes. Amen
I take out my my dagger and I start peeling potatoes. I'm
Piling them on a plate ready for peeling
Scrubbing scrubbing them with a rag and a bucket of warm water that I had heated up from the river
Are we doing a potato lock goes with a side of mashed potatoes tonight?
Here, why don't we do this you dunk each potato in the water?
Okay, and then and kind of give it a pre scrub hand it off to me and then all we got like assembly line
I'll hand it to him for peeling. Okay
Thank you. Good job
Nothing like a clean potato. Nothing like a nothing like a perfectly peeled potato. Yeah
Gentlemen I
Appreciate you guys doing this with me. Yeah, I mean but
Carlos you
You had like ambitions like to like to be a like a cleric that wanted to like purify
The world yeah, that's right and remove evil and get rid of all demonic stuff and now
What are we doing? We're fine. The more you want something more it hurts to be bad at it, right?
It's terrible. I
Mean is there a way to retry like they kind of put our feel like that's what babies do like like that
Well, when they're bad at something we go you can try again and they're like I'm kind of old and I was a priest
And it's like I you keep killing people and not knowing what you're doing
Like it's some point if you're saying to that guy. Oh
Come on try again. It's like it's enabling. Okay, so you're saying just potato farming is good enough for you
No, like you're you're you're
Which is fine
That's what you're okay with. Well, I'd like to see the day when I really
Is really hungry for adventure. I guess I mean I haven't seen that day like I'm still recoiling from being so bad at
I mean, do you think that that demons don't exist anymore that that you that the world doesn't have
Come on after all the stories we've been through I know exactly yeah, I know demons exist
Okay, so you and you're you're you're over it. You're you're you're good to go now that you like you're happy
You're happy. Hey, tell me you're happy. Look me in the eye and say that you're happy right now
I can't tell you that
That doesn't that's not I wasn't happy before either. I was anxious
I'm trying to I'm trying to find the thing that makes me happy
But more importantly also that hurts the least people I want to help the world. I feel like I was kind of getting in the way
Diarrhea, are you gonna say something something on your mind young man? I
I mean look, it's it's not as fulfilling, but this this this potato farming really is scratching an itch for me
I'm gonna put these in the oven. I'm gonna invent the oven
Damn
I'm gonna I'm gonna put these in the equivalent of an oven. It's a kiln. It's a potato kiln hell. Yeah
I I cast a fireball to heat up the oven faster. You do that. I
Mean, I still have I still have powers. Yeah, me too
I heal the potatoes up. They're raw again. Now you now you got to cook them
They're unpeeled
Yeah, the farm didn't have ready access to water and Dan's ability to create water was instrumental in growing the potatoes. Oh
That's just a bit of backstory that's
Spends I think we're wasting our talents right now. I think are there rival farming families
There's one rival farmer. What was her name?
Ketamine
All right
She's a hard worker and she's really
Really a competitive about farming which like you don't have to be and like the market's not saturated enough for that to be a thing
But she's like she's always been doing that and she's better than you because she's like she comes from a line of farmers
And she has a much better farm on a much better. What's her crop of choice tobacco? I
Think she's delightful. I met her on Tuesday. She's fantastic. She's a fire plug. You guys sit down. You're gonna if these are gonna go cold. I
Gotta say you knocked them out of the park again. They're they're growing all right. Yeah. No, it's the they're good
But you're not you're not jealous of that tobacco money that that Ketamine's Rick. Of course
Oh, she's gonna be better at farming than us. She's been at it forever. We should make friends with her and learn to farm. Okay
She might be single you hear a knock you hear a knock at your door, huh? We hear knock at the door. Yeah, I
Get up and go and answer the door. It's a it's a it's a it's a man. It's a raccoon man. He's like he's a beast man
He's a raccoon
That's like yeah, there's all sorts of fantastical races. You've seen him around town
You notice that you notice his name or you know his name's Tom and he's a shopkeeper in the area
He sells all sorts of supplies. It's like hey, so glad you glad you're settling in looks like first harvest is coming
You do oh a lot of money for this property
Well, so I mean that's no big deal, you know, we we we just want people to live here
But over time you might want to be paying paying that off come up with a payment plan
Well, we we have a lot of gold from our last quest, don't we sure is that Tom out there?
Yeah
Yeah, it's bring them in you have some potatoes. Come on Tom come in have a potato. Yeah hungry. Yeah. Yeah, sure
How's it going? Don't go digging in the garbage cans
He's sorry, that's racist
This is this is some crops you got going these are this year this year yield, huh? Yeah, yeah, I mean obviously we're not that good yet
No, that's fine. No one's it is when they just start, you know, I I started selling stuff when I was a kid
I didn't know what to charge. Do do we buy this land from you? No, no, but I do own most the land
I don't mind it and I'm not gonna be a bad guy about it
But I mean, you know, it's just that land is like a big thing. You're you don't seem to be lords so like, you know
We didn't charge you for killing the ghost
Yeah
Well, I could give you a big discount. That's a that's a great point. I'll knock off
He does he pulls out an abacus and he starts doing a thing like yeah, we'll take 10% off of that. That's fine
Yeah, just keep me at get our abacus
That's a coincidence because we're all also having a deal on ghost killing and
I just make the beads the same
It looks like even Steven
I don't want to be a grumpy Gus, but there was a buyer on this house even with the ghost
So I don't feel like it's that much of a value, but I'm someone wanted your haunted ass house
Yeah, man, the farm from from properties going from this is a nice neighborhood. You think their potatoes taste this good
I they don't I can't tell I got to make a calculated assessment. That's part of being a
Entrepreneur, let's give this guy a potato. All right. Look like we need to sell some potatoes. Obviously yeah over time
Yeah, no you guys are farmers. This is like in your wheelhouse, huh?
Yeah, I mean we're learning we're getting right. I'm sorry
You're comparing us to this person that I don't believe exists that wanted to buy a haunted house
Oh, yeah, they did her name is Kagura. She loves busting ghosts. Actually, you know, I think she's busting a ghost right now
You hear outside in your farm area. You hear a fire
Well, there's a I hear fire. You hear a fire
I'm getting up putting my napkin down
Leaving my silverware and going outside. I follow Carlos. I love fire. So I'm excited
Because I'm Chad the fire liker. Yeah
all right, so you go out back to where your farm is and
Not not much of your farm, but say about five feet of your farmland
Has been replaced by a giant tree and that tree is on fire and outside of that flaming tree
No inside of that flaming tree. You see a ghost. It seems to be trapped. It seems like a wraith
You guys know about ghosts a little bit. It's a wraith and arguing about that wraith is a is a is a
woman who looks like a druid and
She has like a mask on the side of her head like like a tribal mask and she's yelling at a small mole a mole man
They're arguing. They're like the mole man's like I can't I don't care what you want to do with these ghosts
This is not a place for you to be used your magic. This is someone's property and she's like I can't I can't be told
When or where to bust ghosts. This is just my my calling if you need the but ghosts gone anyway
So they're arguing about that
And she's a druid. Yeah, she's she looks like a druid. So I'm a druid too. Oh, yeah, it's no a secret language
Oh, yeah, I go. Hey, yeah, what's what's what's the beef? They're like, hey new guys
I was tracking this wraith tried to catch it in the spirit tree, you know, I conjured up a tree. I'll help you
God, I got this tied up. You want to take care of this mole game off my back. That'd be cool. I
I sense motive on the on the mole. All
Right the mole he's just he's like a classic. What do you call it?
Like he loves laws and rule of order and he's just he has a lot of
Festidious laws you saw him when he first moved to the town he wouldn't shut up about laws and stuff
He's telling you you're always fucking up
but he doesn't really do much about it other than show up and yell and so
He's he's been doing that and he's like this is an unauthorized druidic magic zone
You can't be putting trees up in places and that's kind of his angle is she's infracting the law and she's like, you know
I've got to kill this thing. It's like was this thing here before she put the tree here or is the tree containing the thing?
I'm a little confused. She was chasing the wraith
So she was chasing it across your farm and she could finally caught up to it and cast this tree to catch all right
Well, I think I can settle this. This is our property and
It sounds like if we give permission for there to be a wraith tree on it
Then then there's no law being broken. Well, that's all well and good, but I believe this is Tom's property
So maybe we should get him is he around Tom's actually he kind of wandered out to see that. He's like hmm. Oh raccoon Tom
Yeah, yeah, well, he was just eating our potatoes and I mean we're kind of subletting
Tom's like well ghosts don't help anyone really so I think I'm okay with this. Yeah
Yeah, thanks for the wraith tree. Oh, yeah, it grows wraith berries
So he's this is safe now here. This is well, it's on fire
So you got to contain that but the fire will burn out along with a wraith should be good pretty soon
Oh, okay, unless it escapes. Didn't you Carlos? Didn't you create water?
I yes
What was that Spencer? That's a spell. It's a cleric spell create water. Okay, sure
Uh
Sure, let's see if that works and if I put out the
Wraith tree fire. That's not what's keeping the wraith in it. Well, that's actually yeah, it is
So let's wait for the wraith to die and then then we get that we're gonna wait for the wraith to die
Okay, for the yeah, what do you guys want to talk about?
The moles pissed and leaves it kind of burrows in the ground and I'm all
Thanks, we understand that you um what you
We're trying to do
Tom's like, do you know about the church of Corlax?
I don't believe we do
Oh, man, Corlax is great. He uh Corlax. Oh, yeah, he exchanges goods and services for money
Oh
Check this out
He has a church
Yeah, I'm a worshiper right he kind of he starts praying and throws some coins on the ground and the coins
Poof away and then in its place is like a small wooden toy. It's like that's some god, huh?
Wow, that's
Depending on how much you like wooden toys. Yeah, that's a great god. I love toys
Well, you can have that just take that on me and I won't add it to your total
Thank you. Yeah, what kind of toy
Hey, did you get there? It's a wooden toy. What kind of toy is it Steve? It's a it's a it's um
It's the it's a it's um, you know, uh, what kind of toy is it Jeff?
It's uh, it's a it's a boat
There you go. It's a wooden boat
That's super useful. It is
It's fine line between a toy wooden boat and a cup, right?
It looks like it can hold a volume of liquid
Could come in handy later we could use it as a cup
Could use it as a cup you can whittle it
Is is tom still there tom's tom's hanging out. Yeah, it hasn't been too long
Tom tell me tell me about the church of Coralax because we we dabble in the religious arts ourselves
What goes down with the church of Coralax? The symbol is a brass
tri helical knot
congregates engage in rituals that exchange monetary and
Like uh, what do you call it trade goods for services and and other goods?
So it's not all wooden toys. You guys do other things. No, you could get seeds. You could get uh, it's boring
You could get demons who do stuff for you potato scenes. Yeah, like also such a stuff
The god just likes commerce. Our potato seeds just other potatoes. That's true
Yeah, there's also
We're the fucking worst potato farmers. Well, we're not good yet. What yeah, but we don't even know how potatoes work
We're not fucking good yet, right? Like were you a good adventurer before you were an adventurer?
You know what? I thought I had potential. Well, we have potato gentle
Yeah, I plan words. I just came up. I uh, I slap
I'm I'm I'm I'm uh homesteading now. So my dad instincts are kicking in
All right. Oh, do you have a give me a good potato joke like a dad potato joke?
Uh, uh, how does that why why are potatoes so good at democracy?
Why because the eyes always have it
Oh, shit
It's pretty good. They have eyes for those for the for our urban listeners. That was better than I expected potatoes before they come to your your
hormone
GMO
A kiosk, you know where I come from in Wisconsin potatoes have little warts all over them that you have to pluck off
Called eyes. I think I believe those are just roots root tendrils
That's the potato saying please let me be a potato. Let me live don't eat me
And then you say peel off the eyes of a potato and then you eat before you eat before you eat them, right?
Do you ever feel guilt about that?
Now that I describe it. I do. Yeah
Yeah
But I mean, what are we doing if we're not just murdering potatoes all the time? I think well, I look
Will they or won't they am I right?
Um, well, uh, tom, uh, thanks for coming by. Thanks for the toy. Um, thanks for the uh information about your religion
Yeah, man come by anytime. I'll pray something up
Great
And uh, how do we do it?
Uh, how do we pray things up? You can't do it super easily
It takes like a couple circles of initiation to learn the rights and stuff
But we could talk about that. I mean I charge of course for those training courses, but here we go. Okay. Thank you very much
This is my religion. This is my religion. Yeah, we're gonna. We'll come by. We're gonna come by next sunday
Don't join the cult
But we just moved here. Okay, just will you
But you think they'll have horses?
Oh, we got horses
Can you conjure horses? Oh, yeah, I got horses in the back. What's the name of this god?
Corlax, Corlax
But it's random. You can't just get horses
Diarrhea. No, you got to pray for them and pay the requisite price
Okay 25 gp
Dp gp gold pieces. Oh
25 dp. That's a very that's a lot of dp
Chad get your head out of the gutter
Uh, we'll think about it. Tom the landlord. Goodbye. Thank you. See you man. Thanks. We're very friendly tenants. Thank you
Thanks for living here. This is cool. Look, I'm not for religion, but I love horses and toys
So well, I look you can do whatever you want, but I don't I just look I'm trying to get rid of him
and uh, I
Look
you guys
Maybe we should all split up into different potato farms
What I just so much, you know, you're always asking should we be potato farming that can't be the right way to do it
Are you asking me if I'm satisfied being a failed potato farmer? The answer is no, I'd rather be
I'd rather be uh, I'd rather be trying to kill demons. Yeah, so, you know, maybe this is
Tom
Is Tom still there? He's with an earshot of yellow Tom
Yeah, hey, hey, uh
You got any demon trouble?
Uh
Not now. I mean, okay. Fuck go go away. This guy. Okay. I
You were right Carlos. You I was wrong. You were right. Maybe tomorrow that guy didn't have
Oh, there's a nor'easter coming in. Uh-oh. We're gonna catch our death of cold. Let's get inside tell some stories
Okay, come on
I I I go in and I use uh, I cast
Torch fingers
And I light a fire. All right
Oh
Those potatoes got me feeling like uh, I think I'm gonna turn into a potato
It's a lot of starch. It's you know for a guy who's named diarrhea. It's really
I'm so constipated. Oh, no, really? Yeah
There's just potatoes all the time. There's a lot of starch. We need roughage. We got to get some uh
So we should probably talk about
In light of our conversation with Tom
We got to figure out how to monetize. I mean, we're only growing enough potatoes to eat right now
We're living on property that he claims is not ours
And then we feel like we're just kind of squatting because we call the ghost here
It's I mean, do you think if we join their cult they won't charge us?
Well, it seems like he might be more sympathetic, but then again, there's always the danger that you know
We get sucked back into a world. We don't want to be a part of
Or or even, you know, you say back like a world of adventure
But what if we just end up being shitty potato farmers that are in a pyramid scheme?
Well, didn't that happen last time? Well, I mean in a manner of speaking. Yeah, I I'm I'm I'm fucking miserable you guys
I hate I hate this life. I want to like I'll do anything other than just fucking grow a potato
You ever fucking see a potato? Yeah
What are you talking about? They're the worst
They're just well, how do you feel about olives? Huh olives? I give olives four potatoes. Damn
What are we doing?
You're right. Let's fucking split up. Let's fucking like I
I mean, it doesn't have to be so dramatic like like oh, we hate each other. We love each other
But like we were a band of adventurers and then I was like we're doing this badly
What if we were potato farmers? You guys came with me, but like, you know, and now you're like, I'm miserable
I'm miserable. I'm like, you know, I'm not happy, but you're not happy. I'm committed to giving potato farming a chance
You were our leader. You were you were the guy that was the most driven among us. Yeah
Yeah, and now look at you. Yeah fucking potato, man
Take that back
No, I won't take it back. You're a potato man. You're nothing but a fucking potato, man
Damn, I'm looking at you right now and all I see is a potato. That's savage
You you are you are a mean what? Oh, that hurts that that doesn't feel good
Oh, I don't like the way you say it what say what I'm not a potato man
I'm a human being tell me tell me tell me why you're not like prove to me why you're not a potato man
Because I'm I I don't see any evidence to the contrary. I'm a farmer. There's a difference
I I I live off of the earth when you call me a potato man. You make me sound like I'm not a human
Like I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm doing my best. I'm accountable to society
I'm not a potato man
You're a big baby
You're a big
pyromaniac baby
Whoa
You're ungrateful too
You know like I like I do most of the hoeing
I peel all the potatoes
You want to peel a potato?
No, I mean I would if I had to I could do all of this by myself. Okay
And so if you're not happy, you know, none of us are happy. We're all like we're all right
But it makes it worse for you to be like, I'm not happy while we're already not happy
like it's like it's like if we're in a rowboat and
Uh, you're like, this isn't a ship and then like jump it up and down on the rowboat like trying to make it a ship
It's not gonna okay. Let's not fight. I'm sorry. I'm being I'm being aggressive, but like I I just I feel incomplete right now
Old man kingdom
Going down the valley
Treasure for a blood throne
Blood throne for a clan
Dragons reach and I'm the horses on the sleigh
Caves and tombs and ale
Come your way
Is that maybe sing a little old adventuring song from when we used to be on the road?
Can I sing the next verse?
I'll sing it with you. Yeah
Yeah, go ahead
Wait, you want it. What do you want for me? I'll sing along with you. Oh, okay
Oh
I don't know all this thing is really
Making me really hopeful for the future. I was like
I haven't heard you sing like that in a long time
It was so beautiful. I forgot how much that song meant to me
Yeah, you see this you see the tear. I'm a little embarrassed. I didn't want to wipe it away because I thought I'd try to touch it
Because those lyrics are as true today as they
Why do we become farmers? We should have become musicians
It could have been a rambling band
I'm not gonna be a negative guy. I mean that might be the way maybe we feed ourselves from the land and then we go do music
During the day. Yeah
I'm willing to give that a try. It sounds like a do you guys really think I'm a good singer? Yeah
That really touched me. I'll say I'll say this you're a better singer than you are a potato farmer
And that that means a lot because you're a very good potato farmer. Oh, yeah
Well, all right. Well first thing in the morning, we'll go down to the town and we'll we'll see if there's like, I don't know
Music jobs. Yeah
Yeah, I'm feeling good about this. I feel fucking I I haven't felt this excited. Oh, see that's great
See, it wasn't about choosing between potato farming and adventuring. It was about finding the adventure in the potato farming life
Yeah
Guy comes over I need rent. How are we gonna make that rent? I don't know get frustrated had a little fight made up started singing
There we go. Yeah, that's a story. We're a team again. Yeah, we're a team. I'm so inspired. Oh
Amy Schumer
Thank y'all
I think we can all all agree something important happened tonight
Let's give it up for Steve Levy everybody
Happy memorial day. Happy memorial day. Don't forget to remember
Spencer Crittenden, and I'm Jeff Davis. I'm control your mayor is Dan Harmon
Nothing to be said. Thank y'all very fast and take chances. You could find the kind of love you were aware of. Cause everything has been the same since the beginning. Yeah, we're all players in this game. I'll win you. I'll keep my nerves in my mind. I can't find it. But I don't really mind.
I'm just a losing but I
Yeah, I don't like it. I'm gonna give it up.
Try
Did you get any of that? It's a good show